Although I have been unwilling to admit it before,
With your lover in the previous life,
After their memories,
I can't help but wake up if I don't admit it.
I admit that I didn’t expect it,
You really don’t know a thousand things,
All this just changed hands,
Your mind is full of things,
Yu Shaowo, was wronged,
I have nothing to do with you,
Didn't you just ask me what else I wanted to do?
I tell you now, you say,
Thousands of years have passed, and I have long since passed away.
This time, I let you and me die,
No problem, I have another request,
Really? I want you to get married,
The father died together,
When you change from official position to Wang Ganghui,
After worshiping,
It was I who worshiped the celestial body alone
Wait for Chen Ji in my room
This is what you owe me
Okay, I'll take you out of trouble
It was posted by the good knight.
I want you to bring Ying to kiss you
Pick up farm materials at the gate of Guancaibu
My eyes and heart are both good
Let's go with the elder without a doubt
Goodbye after the incident
You said you would die again this time
I will bring people from this village to answer your question
your last time
I’m also taking care of it with my own eyes
Back in time
I want him to be my Chinese grandfather
My grandpa is still alive thank you
Where are you?
You talk about Chen Xian like that
Finally let me grab it